Yeah!
STAR WARS
YOUNG JEDI ADVENTURES
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
- Whoo! [laughs] Yeah!
Lys, you're amazing at riding a wellagrin.
I've never seen anyone learn so quickly.
Thanks, Gumar. Thanks, Jam.
She's the best with creature stuff.
I'm so glad Master Zia sent us here
to planet Andraven.
I love meeting new creatures and friends.
Whoa. Whoa! Easy. Easy.
Easy!
Ew!
Snowball likes you, Kai.
Thanks... [laughs] ...I think.
Who knew riding wellagrins
would be so hard?
First you must be patient with yourself.
Must be Master Zia.
Varna, thanks for inviting
the younglings today.
-How are they doing?
- They're adjusting well.
They're ready to join Gumar and Jam
for the wellagrin migration.
When the wellagrins need more food,
we move them to the orchard
on the other side of the mountains.
- They'll have plenty to eat there.
We keep them safe on their journey.
We get to help these cute creatures?
I love this mission already.
We'll make sure everyone gets
to the orchard safely.
Now, remember. Stay close by the trail
to avoid any avalanches.
That's when a bunch of snow
falls down the mountainsides.
They can be dangerous,
but stay with us and you'll be fine.
And be sure to get to the other side
of the mountains before dark.
It gets stormy at night.
No problem, Varna.
While the Jedi help with the wellagrins,
you and I will fly Varna to the other side
of the mountains in the Crimson Firehawk.
- Also, I was told there'd be Moogan tea.
Yum-yum!
Younglings, if things get difficult
on the trip, pause and take a deep breath.
The Force will guide and help you.
And have fun!
The wellagrins look like
they're having a blast!
They love to explore and swim
in groups together.
Wow,
I still can't believe they swim in snow.
What's happening over there?
They're heading for that dangerous cliff!
They could fall!
Watch this.
- Wow!
We use the sounds
of our Andraven flutes to signal them.
So they know which way to swim.
Watch me play!
Sounds great, Jam.
You try!
Oof. Mine sounds like a sick bantha.
That's okay, Kai.
These flutes are tough to play.
Keep practicing, and you'll get better.
- Uh-oh. Where's Snowball going?
Oh, no! He's going way off the trail.
I'll signal him.
Avalanche!
That did not go how I expected.
Whoa!
It's not safe here.
We need to get to higher ground!
But the herd!
They can swim through it.
They'll be fine. Come on!
Whoa! That was wild.
Is everyone all right?
We're fine, but the wellagrins are gone.
I thought I could play
the flute like Gumar.
But I was very, very wrong.
It's okay, Lys.
We'll find them all again
before the storm comes.
You're right, Kai. But how?
Hmm.
It's a good idea, Nubs, but there's no way
they could all hear the flute
from this far away.
If we're gonna get them all back
before it gets dark and stormy,
- it'll be faster if we all split up.
- Great idea, Kai.
Now let's find that herd.
There's one!
Oh, no! She's stuck.
It's okay. We're gonna get you out.
She's too scared.
I can't get close enough to untangle her.
Hmm.
Let me try something.
It's okay.
You're safe now.
It's gonna be all right.
Now, just back up.
That's it. Good job.
That was incredible.
You really love creatures, huh?
I do. I love connecting with them.
They have feelings just like us.
- We could learn a lot if we just listen.
Lys, we could really use
your help over here.
We'll be right there, Kai.
We gotta get you back to the others.
That wellagrin is not going to move.
Hmm.
Aha!
Whoa.
- Wow.
- You hungry?
That's it. This way.
How did you know that would work?
Never underestimate
the power of a good snack.
Now, let's find the other wellagrins
and get over these mountains.
- Whoa!
We found all the wellagrins
and made it to the top.
We're halfway there.
Aw, you hungry? Hmm.
Aha!
It's getting dark.
We need to get down to the orchard
before the storm gets worse.
Wait. Jam?
Where'd he go? Jam?
Jam? Jam?
The power of a snack.
Right, Lys?
Uh-oh. Where'd everybody go?
Gumar? Lys?
Anybody?
- It's okay. They'll find us.
Jam!
I can't see anything in this snow.
First the wellagrins got scared
with that flute,
and now Jam and his wellagrin
are out there all alone and cold.
And...
...I don't know what to do.
Zia?
That's right, Nubs.
Master Zia says to take a breath
when things get tough.
We're here with you, Lys.
Just take a minute.
- Breathe. Focus.
The Force will guide you.
Right. Okay.
That's it!
We can signal Jam with the flute.
If he plays his back,
we can hear where he is and find him.
I hear him. Jam's this way. Come on!
Everyone, link up.
Stay together
so we don't get lost in this storm.
There! By that tree!
Jam!
Jam?
- Yay!
Whoo! Yes!
- Way to go, Lys!
- Whoa.
- Uh-oh.
Another avalanche?
Everybody climb onto a wellagrin.
- Whoa.
Grab my hand.
- Jam!
- Whoa!
- Hold on, Jam!
Jam!
- Lys.
Yeah!
Yes!
Yay!
- Whoo!
Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
I think I'm getting the hang of this.
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
Whoo-hoo! Yes!
That was amazing.
Well, we made it.
And so did all the wellagrins.
- Huh. You sure made something.
Too much snow for me.
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Are you kids all right?
Now that was a mission.
I did just like you said, Master Zia.
I paused and took a breath.
Then we found Jam, slid down the mountain
riding the wellagrins, and now we're here.
Well, that sounds like
it was quite a journey.
I'm very proud of you.
So am I.
Thank you for your help, young Jedi.
You're welcome back to our planet anytime.
Oh, yeah?
- Watch this.
Snowball fight!
Whoa! Missed me!
We gotta get that beacon on the droid
before the timer goes off.
Maybe we should wait
until there's an opening?
There's no time to wait, Lys.
We need to make an opening.
- Come on!
Just need to get that beacon.
Oh, time's up, younglings.
Blast!
I really wanted Master Yoda
to see us grab that beacon.
Well, you almost had it,
but you acted a bit too quickly.
Not important it is
how fast you perform a task.
Take your time,
then successful will you be.
Patience.
- Wow.
- Whoa! Whoo-hoo!
- Wow!
Master Zia, Master Yoda,
it's time for you to depart.
Thank you, Dee. Please look after
the Temple while we're gone.
And as for you three...
Phew.
Please clean up the training area
before we get back tonight.
- Yes, Master Zia.
I really wanted them
to see us grab that beacon.
- And maybe they still can!
If we practice while they're gone,
we could try again when they get back.
But Master Zia asked us to clean,
and that could take all day.
True, but if some super fast droids
cleaned up for us,
we'd have all afternoon to practice.
I know Master Zia asked us to clean, Nubs,
but we don't have time
to clean and practice.
But those are training droids, Kai.
How are you gonna get them to clean?
I'll just reset the droids
and teach them to put everything away.
- Okay, maybe if I do this.
Ooh, yeah, yeah. And this.
- Mmm.
I think it worked.
Now, please clean up everything.
This is how you do it.
See? Easy.
- It's working!
See? What'd I tell you?
- Huh?
Whoa.
That was fast.
Wait, where are they going?
Well, they cleaned everything out here,
so maybe they're looking
for more messes in the Temple?
They could break something.
We gotta get them back
to the training area and turn them off!
Oh, goodness. What is all this?
It's okay, Dee.
We'll take care of it.
Yeah.
Hey, I was eating that.
What are they doing?
They must think everything is a mess.
They're stacking things in piles
like you showed them,
but that's not where this stuff belongs.
- We've gotta power them down.
They're splitting up.
Then we need to split up too.
Just five more minutes.
Thanks, Nubs.
Hey, come back here.
- Huh?
- Aw, not again.
Put those down. Please?
Stop moving!
No, no, no, no.
Hey!
No, wait. That's not a mess!
Those are kids!
Something is very wrong with that droid.
All right.
We could do this the easy way
or the hard way.
There they are!
I hope Kai's doing better with his droid.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
My goodness. Oh! Oh, my!
Oh!
- Oh.
- Hey!
Why are they acting so weird?
- I don't know.
I must have done something wrong
when I reset them.
How do we stop 'em?
- Nash fixes droids all the time.
Put me down!
Maybe she can help.
- Nash, you busy?
- Stop that!
Hey, Kai.
I just finished loading up some junk
for Marlaa. What's up?
- We need your help with some droids.
Droid drama? No problem.
Hey, are these the pesky droids
you were talking about?
And are they, uh, coming over here?
I think they wanna clean the Firehawk.
Oh, no.
They don't get to touch my ship.
- Hey, no, thank you very much.
It's not messy.
I've-- I've got a system.
What is happening?
Yeah, they like to stack.
They're all looking at Kublop Springs!
If they get to town,
it'll be even harder to stop them.
After 'em!
It's my fault we're in this mess.
I try to do things too fast.
- Whoops!
Guess they wanna clean this first.
That's it!
I know how to keep them from leaving.
- We make more messes.
- Make more messes!
Make more messes!
What? I didn't know
we were gonna say it at the same time.
- We can get them to follow us.
And I know exactly where to lead 'em.
Whew.
All right, Nubs, block off the entrance!
We've got 'em where we want 'em,
but we still need to catch them
to power them down.
And we haven't done that all day.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
We've been trying to go too fast.
To catch 'em,
we're gonna need a little bit of patience.
Wait for it. Wait for it.
- Now!
Yay!
- Ha!
Whoa!
- Yes! We did it!
All right!
Unexpected this is.
- We better go.
- Yeah. Thanks for your help.
Master Yoda, Master Zia,
you're back already.
Finished our trip early we did, hmm?
Dee called and told us what happened.
We're sorry.
I thought the droids would clean up faster
so we'd have more time to practice.
- But...
- They just made things worse.
Ah. So better to take your time
and do things right,
you have learned, hmm?
We have Master Yoda, so we're gonna
clean this mess up ourselves.
Like Master Zia asked.
And done.
The training area is officially clean.
A wonderfully clean training area this is.
Thank you, Master Yoda.
Since finished cleaning you have,
care to train
with an old teacher?
- Train with you?
Will you show us
how to get the beacon like you did?
Yes.
- Now, do as I do.
- But patient, hmm, you must be.
Patience.
Wait.
Now!
- Did you see that? I can't believe it!
- That was amazing!
We did it!
"Lys and the Snowy Mountain Rescue"
"Attack of the Training Droids"